
The public’s interest in access to Donald Trump’s or any president’s tax filings depends on strong reform legislation from Congress. When Richard Nixon declared, “People have got to know whether or not their president is a crook,” we often forget that he wasn’t talking about Watergate. He was speaking about compliance with tax law. The public had a “right to know,” in this case, what was in his returns and if he had followed the law. The Supreme Court’s decisions on Thursday in the Trump tax cases vindicated important principles about presidential accountability under the rule of law. A 7-to-2 majority rejected the president’s claim of immunity from compliance with a state criminal subpoena, and the court also turned down his argument that state prosecutors and Congress should have to meet demanding standards to obtain a president’s personal financial information. But these cases left very much in doubt when the president will have to provide his tax returns, and it is clear that the public will not see them any time soon, if ever. President Trump has severely damaged the “norm” or practice that presidents have followed since the Carter administration in voluntarily releasing their returns. Some future presidential candidates and presidents may revive the norm, but others may decline, especially if they conclude that there is no real electoral penalty. Those presidents who refuse disclosure now have the ability to contest in court the specific avenues that Congress, or prosecutors, have tried to use in Mr. Trump’s case to obtain the returns. The American public’s own interest in dependable, timely access to this or any president’s tax filings depends on strong reform legislation from Congress. Legislation, not more and seemingly endless litigation, is the only answer to the gap in transparency about a president’s financial affairs and potential conflicts of interest. But a president’s disclosure of returns is not just a transparency practice that meets with general public favor and press interest. Releasing returns is vitally important in all presidencies in supplying information not available through a president’s other financial reporting obligation under the Ethics in Government Act. Unlike that act’s reporting by broad categories of income, assets and liabilities, tax returns reveal a lot more and in great detail, like all sources of income, deductions taken, details about foreign business dealings and the existence of offshore accounts. The ball is in Congress’s court — if not in this session, then in the next. In looking at legal reform of the presidency in the wake of President Trump, Jack Goldsmith, a Harvard professor and assistant attorney general in the George W. Bush administration, and I have come up with a bipartisan plan for the release of presidential tax returns and related information, as well as mechanisms for enforcement.

A longtime champion of women’s rights, Park Won-soon was accused by his secretary of sexual harassment. He is presumed to have killed himself. SEOUL, South Korea — Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul spoke passionately at a news conference on Wednesday about his vision to create jobs and fight climate change in a post-pandemic world, part of his broader, socially conscious campaign that also called for building a city that was more innovative and safer for women. The same day, one of his secretaries went to the police, accusing him of sexual harassment. She described how Mr. Park made unwanted physical contact and sent sexually suggestive, dehumanizing texts to her on the encrypted messaging service Telegram, usually late at night, according to local media. The next day, Mr. Park called in sick. He canceled his entire schedule. At his desk in the two-story official residence, he wrote a note to his family, asking them to cremate his body and scatter the ashes around the graves of his parents in his hometown. “I’m sorry to everyone, and I thank everyone who has been with me in my life,” he wrote in longhand in the note, which was released by his aide. “I remain always sorry to my family, to whom I’ve only brought pain.” “Goodbye, everyone,” Mr. Park said. Hours later, Mr. Park was found dead, presumably by suicide, on a wooded hill in northern Seoul, an unexpected end to one of the most storied political lives in South Korea. As mayor of Seoul, Mr. Park was the second most powerful elected official, and considered a potential successor to President Moon Jae-in, whose term ends in 2022. A civil rights and anti-corruption lawyer, he was an early champion for the rights of the homeless and the disabled. He took on business tycoons and authoritarian governments. He won the country’s first sexual harassment case. Mr. Park has been a “great civil-society leader” and “a global-minded leader” who seldom missed domestic and international conferences on climate change, said former United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, who met with Mr. Park on ​Tuesday during one such meeting. “People will miss him,” Mr. Ban said in an interview. Mr. Park did not explain his motive for suicide, and it is impossible to know exactly what he was thinking. But in South Korea, public sentiments toward a prominent figure embroiled in scandal often turn from outrage to sympathy after the person commits suicide, and prosecutors usually close the case. After President Roh Moo-hyun killed himself in 2009 following allegations of corruption, many South Koreans considered him a victim of political revenge by his conservative enemies. Mr. Park faced the threat of serious legal scrutiny and political backlash over the sexual harassment accusations, which were reported by local media. As in other countries, the #MeToo movement has gained tremendous force in South Korea, holding to account elected officials, theater directors, university professors, religious leaders and a former coach for the national speedskating team. A #MeToo allegation threatened the very core of Mr. Park’s political identity. In the mayor’s office, he called himself a “feminist,” and created the country’s first municipal committee on gender equality.
“As your father, I take a small comfort in the fact that I have never committed big sins or done things people would blame me for,” he wrote to his son and daughter in his wills, which he made public in a memoir published in 2002.

The social network has been under intense pressure for allowing misinformation and hate speech to spread on its site. SAN FRANCISCO -- Facebook is considering banning political advertising across its network before the November general election, according to two people with knowledge of the discussions, after facing intense pressure for allowing hate speech and misinformation to flourish across its site. The decision has not been finalized, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions were confidential, and the company could continue with its current political advertising policy. Discussions on potentially banning political ads have simmered since late last year, they said, as insiders weighed the idea while reaching out to political groups and candidates for feedback. But the issue has come to the forefront in recent weeks, with the November election looming and as Facebook grapples with intensifying scrutiny over content posted to its platform. The core of the debate is whether banning political ads would help or harm “giving users a voice,” said the people with knowledge of the discussions. Stopping ads could stifle speech for some groups, they said, though allowing political ads to run could also allow more misinformation that could disenfranchise voters. A Facebook spokesman declined to comment. Bloomberg News earlier reported the potential change in policy. If a ban on political ads were to happen, it would be a reversal for Facebook and its chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg. The social network has long allowed politicians and political parties to run ads across its network virtually unchecked, even if those ads contained falsehoods or other misinformation. Mr. Zuckerberg has repeatedly said he would not police politicians’ ads and stated that the company was not an arbiter of truth because he believes in free speech. He has also said that removing political ads from the network could harm smaller, down-ballot candidates who are less well-funded than nationally prominent politicians. Political advertising makes up a negligible amount of Facebook’s revenue, he has said, so any decision would not be based on financial considerations. But that hands-off approach has led to an intense backlash against the social network. Lawmakers, civil rights groups and Facebook’s own employees have assailed it for letting hate speech and misinformation fester on its site. Last month, the Biden presidential campaign said it would begin urging its supporters to demand that Facebook strengthen its rules against misinformation. More recently, advertisers such as Unilever and Coca-Cola have paused their advertising on the platform in protest. That was punctuated this week by the release of a two-year audit of Facebook’s policies. The audit, conducted by civil rights experts and lawyers who were handpicked by the company, concluded that Facebook had not done enough to protect people on the platform from discriminatory posts and ads. In particular, they said, Facebook had been too willing to let politicians run amok on the site. “Elevating free expression is a good thing, but it should apply to everyone,” they wrote. “When it means that powerful politicians do not have to abide by the same rules that everyone else does, a hierarchy of speech is created that privileges certain voices over less powerful voices.” Mr. Zuckerberg has stuck to his free speech position even as other social media companies have taken more action against hate speech and inaccurate posts by politicians and their supporters. Twitter recently started labeling some of President Trump’s tweets as untruthful or glorifying violence, while Snap has said it would stop promoting Mr. Trump’s account on Snapchat because his speech could lead to violence. Twitch, the video game streaming site, suspended Mr. Trump’s account entirely, and the internet forum Reddit banned a community of Mr. Trump’s supporters for harassment. Last year, Twitter said it would ban all political ads because the viral spread of misinformation presented challenges to civic discourse. Vanita Gupta, chief executive of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, said it was positive that Facebook was thinking through its options but that “what they need to have in place is a system that actually catches real-time voter misinformation.” She added, “Voter suppression is happening every day, and their inaction is going to have profound ramifications on the election.” On Friday, some of the top Democratic outside groups that are major spenders on Facebook said they had not discussed with the company any potential banning of political ads closer to the election. A spokesman for the D.N.C. referred questions to a tweet from Nellwyn Thomas, the D.N.C.’s chief technology officer, who wrote on Friday: “We said it seven months ago to @Google and we will say it again to @Facebook: a blunt ads ban is not a real solution to disinformation on your platform.” Democratic officials have argued that blanket bans or restrictions on political ads are not a sufficient way to root out disinformation, particularly as that kind of content can spread in closed Facebook groups. Banning ads also restricts important digital tools that campaigns have come to rely on for activities such as acquiring new donors and raising money to getting out the vote, they said. Some Democrats added that the Trump campaign has a significant structural advantage on Facebook, having built up a community of more than 28.3 million followers. Joseph R. Biden Jr., the presumptive Democratic nominee for president, has only around 2.1 million followers on the social network. Removing the ability to pay for ads would give Mr. Trump a far greater reach online than Mr. Biden, they said.
